# web-fundamentals
When visiting a webpage there is a lot more to it than just what one sees on their screen. When a user logs into facebook or gmail or any type of website they are on the web which is many different text pages all combined together. To use or surf on the web, one is going through the Internet. The Internet is mainly a network of computers working together through telephone lines to allow a person to send messages like instant messaging, Facebook chatting, or emailing. 
A URL is always required for a webpage. The URL, which stands for Universal Resource Locator, is used for a computer to locate information on other computers. When looking at a computer the URL is always at the top of the window also known as an address. In a URL there is always http://, this means the computer can take the page from another computer. After the http:// is the www.akdghadhg.com, which is the address or domain that tells what the website is called. When there is a .html at the end of the address it explains to a computer that the file you’re looking for is an html file. Apart from the URL there is always a HTTP and HTML included. HTTP communicates with other computers. It allows one computer to ask another for web pages or websites. HTML is how the pages are set up or written, this allows any computer to understand and set up the information it is given. Apart from URL, HTML, and HTTP, browsers and servers are a major part of webpages and surfing the web. A browser is also used to navigate the web in the way that it talks to servers and which information to display when. Web browsers and servers communicate through the terms of HTML and HTTP. The browser will ask the server for different things using codes and the server responds with the date, the server, expiration and content. 
Ultimately, a web page includes a lot more than the person on the computer can see. It is very important to have the correct terms, the correct URL, HTTP, HTML, and browser in order to access different webpages. 
